Add doc for an usage example of cernvm-launch (#2)
cernvm/cernvm-doc: cpt-launch.rst

	           -h, --help		Print this help message.
 
The most important argument when creating the virtual machine is the ``USER_DATA_FILE`` which defines the machine contextualization, i.e. all the major settings, including the repositories to be mounted, the users, the services to be started and the flavour of the machine. A useful collection of ``contexts`` used in quite different situations is publicly available on `GitHub <https://github.com/cernvm/public-contexts>`_.

Example
~~~~~~~

The following creates a CMS VM to be used for 2011 open data: 

::

    $ cernvm-launch create --name cms-test --cpus 2 --memory 4096 --disk 20000 cms-opendata-2011.context
    Using user data file: cms-opendata-2011.context
    Parameters used for the machine creation:
	   name: cms-test
	   cpus: 2
	   memory: 4096
	   disk: 20000
	   cernvmVersion: 2021.05-1
	   sharedFolder: /Users/ganis

The machine features 2 cores, 4 GB RAM and 20 GB hard drive. The local ``HOME`` folder is shared ``R/W`` and
available as a mount point under ``/mnt`` .

At any moment the existing VMs can be checked with the ``list`` sub-command:

::

    $ cernvm-launch list
    cms-test:	CVM: 2021.05-1	port: 8247

> which also shows the internal port associsated with the VM . The ``ssh`` sub-command allows to sonnect to the machine:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which also shows the internal port associated with the VM. The ``ssh`` sub-command allows to connect to the machine:
```

::

    $ cernvm-launch ssh cms-test
    Username: cms-opendata
    The authenticity of host '[127.0.0.1]:8247 ([127.0.0.1]:8247)' can't be established.
    ECDSA key fingerprint is SHA256:AV6DFteBe7EcDCijcsdFcU6K9f5FjKKtoEWFZEhdvCA.
    Are you sure you want to continue connecting (yes/no/[fingerprint])? yes
    Warning: Permanently added '[127.0.0.1]:8247' (ECDSA) to the list of known hosts.
    cms-opendata@127.0.0.1's password:
    [Outer Shell ~]

Passless ssh login can be setup as usual by creating an ``.ssh`` directory and copying in the host public key.
The username can be specified on the command line:

::

    $ cernvm-launch ssh cms-opendata@cms-test
    Last login: Mon May  3 15:20:37 2021 from gateway

> Display settings should be automaticaly transferred (as a simple test, running ``xterm`` should open a terminal into

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Display settings should be automatically transferred (as a simple test, running ``xterm`` should open a terminal into
```
